1.  public: type or member can be accessed by any other code in any assembly
    private: type or member can be accessed only in the same class or struct
    protected: type or member can be accessed only in the same class or its derived class
    internal: type or member can be accessed only in the same assembly
    protected internal: only in the same assembly or derived classes in other assemblies
    private protected: only derived types in the same assembly
    
2.  static: belongs to the type itself, not instances
    const: compile-time constant, it cannot be changed and must be assigned at declaration
    readonly: runtime constant, it can be assigned at declaration or in the constructor
    
3.  Constructor is used to initialize a new instance of a class, setting up initial values for fields and performing any setup

4.  Partial keyword allows a class, struct, or interface to be split across multiple files, improving code organization

5.  Tuple: a data structure that can hold a fixed number of items of different types

6.  Record keyword defines a ref type that provides built-in functionality for encapsulation data with value semantics, like immutability and equality

7.  Overloading: functions with same name but different signatures
    Overriding: used in inheritance

8.  Field: a variable in a class or struct
    Property: a member that can read, write or compute the field values

9.  By providing a default value for this parameter, has to be at the end of parameters list

10. 1.  Abstract class will provide base class to its subclasses, is a wise choice when we have class hierarchy.
        Interface will define common functionalities and behaviors that can be implemented by any class
    2.  Once class can only inherit from one abstract or concrete class but one class can implement multiple interfaces
    3.  Methods in abstract class can be abstract method or non-abstract method but in interface is by default public and abstract
    
11. Always public

12. True

13. True

14. True

15. False

16. True

17. True

18. True

19. False

20. False

21. True

22. False

23. True